# Final Project 
Your repo should contain: your data used in the project, your Jupyter notebook(s) and any other important materials. 
If you have been following the steps in your labs each week, there are only finishing touches to do on your final project. I am leaving specifics open to allow for creativity, but make your report look good!
## Grading Rubric
1. Organization- Your notebook (or, if long, you should have more than one notebook) should have markdown sections for titles, descriptions and comments. Your notebook should follow the steps we have been working on all quarter, i.e. data loading, cleaning and munging, description, research questions, plots, model selections, metrics, results, saving models, and conclusions.
2. Neatness and clarity- Your notebook should have been run. Your notebook should absolutely not have any more than a few rows of data displayed at any point. Your plots should be labeled as covered in class, and be clear, useful plots appropriately sized within the notebook. You should be as clear as possible explaining your steps. Just having code cells and no explanations or analysis or reflections will not be scored as highly as if you do. You should have no spelling errors.
3. Code correctness- Your code should all run (some warnings as disussed in class are okay, other warnings should be fixed). Your model choices should be appropriate to your data. Your models should have appropriate accuracy metrics, with results and explanations. Your code should be organized (i.e. do not have large cells with unorganized code, use functions in separate cells).
4. Scope- your project should tell a story and have a beginning, middle and end. Do not say "I ran out of time". You can however, in your conclusion, mention future work that would be interesting to tackle. Your project should look like something that took a few months to craft.
5. Conclusion- Your project should have a concluding paragraph circling back to the research question and providing insight on what you found, can't make claims about, etc.
6. Food for thought: Is this something to add to your resume? Is it a good showcase of your efforts to put into your own github repo?
